now on the bill Cunningham show
her husband is in jail serving a
sentence of 35 years to life for a crime
she says he did not commit we're not
here to retry this case but rather
trying to find out whether the brothers
testimony was an active family betrayal
please welcome noby noby welcome we
can't go back to court and find out
Gilbert reticence that's not the purpose
of this what I want to hear from you is
tell me why you're here today well I'm
here to confront my wicked brother law
on oh I guess it's a couple years ago my
husband was convicted he was stopped and
convicted of a crime conspiracy into a
crime first of all bank robber on it
wasn't bank robbery at first I know I
have my brother-in-law came up with this
where they came up with it I don't know
what's going on I know when they got
arrested it was arrested for conspiracy
to a crime I'm like what crime he left
to go buy clothes for a clothing store
anyways immediately after a guess a
couple of weeks they start saying it was
a bank robbery like where do you guys
get bankrupt me from it all came from a
wicked brother-in-law I and I'm here to
confront him to ask why would he do this
my husband's in jail now for a life for
a crime that he did not commit for a
crime that my brother-in-law no didn't
happen and I don't know if you get it
out of jealousy if he did it because he
was afraid if he did it because he's
just a wicked person but right now our
family's tore apart I don't have my
husband a man that was in our life a man
that was working we go to church
together we pray together we eat
together we own business I have nothing
now because the one my brother lot did
and I have to except
because I'm a woman of god are you got
to forgive how can I forget him and
that's why I'm here I want I want some
closure I know it and that will work it
out and my husband will get up I know
that but I just need to know like why
did he destroy my family why just gets
back up a little bit describe your
relationship your hand with your husband
before your brethren walls betrayal what
was your relationship like with your man
before that oh my god I met my husband
when we was younger at Magic Mountain I
used to work at amusement park where we
live and we end up getting married him
August's Sophia's your highschool
sweetheart yeah of my high school
sweetheart I love him he was a good man
I I had a previous relationship before
word and I had two other kids god bless
me and my husband end up fighting me
after 10 years and told you know that
told me that I'm gonna be with you we're
gonna have kids and we're gonna be
married we're gonna really having kids
and they're being married and we had a
good relationship we had my own business
we own a couple of hair salons clothing
stores good look at homes we had a good
life kids money I Henderson everything I
have two previous kids two of the kids
from a previous relationship and he took
care from one was six and one was three
and now they're 18 and 21 you know in
this man I mean it takes any help us
with everything I mean anything we need
something we get together we pray and
that's why I don't understand like how
could this happen to us I didn't even
know the system can fail us like this
but what I'm upset more about is my
brother law failing us cuz we took care
of him anytime he needed something we
were there for him tell us the story
tell us the story that one day when your
life changed so fundamentally oh my god
the day when I received the phone call
my husband said I'm in jail I said what
he said maybe I've been arrested I'm
fine I'm like for what you want to get
clothes why are you arrested he said I
don't know yet but it was on over 75
police's pull us out snatches on the car
and
had guns on this I don't know what's
going on and I'm like okay baby I'm oh
don't worry about we're gonna call and
find out what's going on there like he's
in jail for conspiracy to a crime I'm
like what crime so anyways Paul had
called also and he was saying okay I'm
in jail what are we gonna do now they're
talking about some other things that I
have done some insurance thing so he got
scared and I'm like I already know my
brother Lyle of him but he has a lion
problem and he always has so once he was
in jail with him on ear with Paul oh my
god no did you have a sense that Paul
was gonna do in your husband you know
what at that time no because I didn't
know how detailing how bad this case
they made it so I didn't know that at
first I never know that but after they
start saying they had someone was turned
in and they had statements I was like oh
my god that's Paul only person will do
that to try to clear their self as Paul
so right then I was so afraid you like
you know and then they had him in the
cell together but immediately when it
moved him I'm likely wasn't it fell
together for like I guess three weeks or
more and once they move down it was over
with son tsunami the authorities needed
Paul's testimony to put the Hat on your
husband's head I needed him he was the
critical element yes and your
brother-in-law Paul wrongfully testified
against your husband causing him to be
locked up 35 years to life yes are you
prepared for the fact that you and your
man might never be together again well I
present good God and that's where my
faith lies I don't lie in men and I
don't lie in Paul it don't know that
also I that's not my concern at all
because I know that justice will be
served at the end of the day Paul
testified against your husband causing
him to be locked up yeah yeah and he
came out more than once and the
preliminary hearing he came up and he's
like okay I can't lie i'm not gonna lie
and then he'd take him back to the back
and he comes back out and go yeah we did
come here to conspire to do a crime I'm
like what oh you really
and then he looks at everybody well we
were like you're not doing this Paul and
he really comes out and he says the
things then they take him back and he
changed his statement and then he comes
back again I'm like where you playing
these yummy yo games because of Paul's
testimony because of his lies because of
his wicked ways my husband might spend
the rest of his life in jail and that
was brother against brother yes and
that's what made the case look they
needed Paul because it made it look real
if your brother's gonna say that you
came out here to rob a bank they didn't
need anybody else but I mean it was
headline news everywhere and you're here
today to confront Paul yes yes please
welcome navi's brother-in-law Paul